imagine a peaceful Sunday morning you
wake up stretch your limbs and open your
windows to a beautiful sunny day but
wait a minute
a busy street that's normally full of
people is totally empty where is
everyone
looks like you're the only human left on
the planet so what are you gonna do well
I guess the answer is anything you want
if the world is your oyster then this
one is solely yours every crazy idea
insane dream or whatever else you've got
in mind
hop into the fastest sports car and take
a ride on the highway yes no traffic
play golf from the roof of a skyscraper
why not who's gonna say anything about
you busting some windows with your golf
ball have you always wanted to live in a
mansion
well now you can you've got a whole
world of opportunities and nothing to
stop you from enjoying each and every
one of them yes after all that fun and
utter joy is out of your system you
start asking yourself what's next well
maybe it's time to try and figure out
what really happened and why everyone
just disappeared you can try to find
someone else what if you're not
completely alone you might search the
city for others but in this scenario you
can search the whole world and not find
a single soul yeah sounds a little scary
I know so now it's time to turn to more
serious issues like how you're gonna
survive in this empty Kingdom of yours
the first thing you need to figure out
is food and drinking water sure you'll
have as much as you need for a while but
some products will start to spoil pretty
quickly like fruits and veggies eat
those first after all there's nobody
controlling the power stations that keep
the refrigerators and the grocery stores
running so they'll shut off sooner or
later okay so what about water in the
beginning try to find every single
bottle in all the nearby stores and
bring them back to your place the bad
news is that all this clean bottled
water is gonna run out eventually so
you'll have to figure out how to filter
water on your own down the road after
you spend a couple of days
weeks or even months enjoying all these
perishable foods it's time to think
about your future long-term supplies
with no electricity to keep the fridges
and freezers going rice beans and canned
foods are going to be your best friends
after a while you'll probably need to
learn how to grow food yourself so don't
wait until you run out of stocks before
you start beefing up your farming skills
medical supplies are also super
important you need to hit up as many
pharmacies as you can for future
supplies in case of an emergency
and you might want to be more careful
since there won't be any doctors to help
you for serious injuries so yeah maybe
skip on the park or in this new world of
yours farming and DIY water filtration
aren't the only things you need to learn
you see right now you depend on a lot of
people without even realizing it
but in a world where you are the last
human on earth you'll need to learn
crucial survival skills like hunting
first-aid cooking and so on you'd have
to teach yourself so many things do you
ever get the feeling that you can't find
some time for reading and self education
well now you've got plenty of it and
entire libraries and bookstores full of
knowledge yeah there won't be any
internet in this world so ya gotta go
back to how your grandpappy did it it'll
be really hard at first but you'll
eventually become the ultimate survival
expert another important thing for you
is communication you might consider
yourself an introvert right now but
human beings are naturally social
creatures but what can you do if there's
no one around to talk to maybe it's time
to get yourself a dog or several hey
what about having your own personal Zoo
don't forget that you rule this planet
so it's up to you before you run to the
zoo and open up all the cages just keep
in mind that all these wild animals
might see you as a long-awaited meal
instead of a conversation partner maybe
just stick with a dog or a cat to deal
with the loneliness or a parent at least
it answered you back the next step will
be your future shelter don't get me
wrong
hanging out in some cool man
your palace is absolutely flying you can
do it for several years if you want or
you can go to different luxury hotels
and live like royalty there you could
even have a new home for every new day
but the whole living your luxury fantasy
will get kind of old after a while
plus in a decade or so all these
buildings will become quite unsafe
without regular maintenance to keep them
up perhaps you'll move away from the
city the good news is you can go
anywhere you want there are no borders
migration laws passports or anything
stopping you
oh but just remember in order to go
somewhere you need to find sources of
fuel all these abandoned vehicles will
be useless in the next several years
because their fuel will go stale so
you'll probably have to pick a place to
settle down for good I don't know about
you but I'd go somewhere with a moderate
climate tornadoes earthquakes hurricanes
and blizzards are the last thing I want
to worry about while trying to survive
on my own speaking of the weather
clothes are totally something you should
think about and plan for of course at
first you can go to all the stores and
try on funny and weird outfits or super
fancy ones but you might want to focus
on practicality after a while make sure
you have garments for every season and
plenty of warm clothes and blankets even
if you decide to settle down somewhere
where it's always warm you never know
when it might get chilly well I guess
all this talk of surviving is the only
human left on earth can be pretty
frustrating and depressing but let's
look on the bright side just imagine all
the ways you can entertain yourself
gathering knowledge and skills doesn't
just have to be about survival you can
learn to paint make pottery try your
hand at sculpture or even write your own
story what would you call it the last
human on earth in a world of my own
sounds pretty cool right plus you might
want to practice your language skills
especially if your only conversation
partner is a parrot that just repeats
everything you say and ask for crackers
all the time what would you do if there
were no humans left on the planet
except you let me know down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click that subscribe button to stay on
the bright side of life